[ Man ]
Previously on Sons of Anarchy.
[ Jax ]
Found a box in the storage unit.
They’re just like pictures
and journals–
things I never knew about him.
When you and Dad hooked up,
he ever talk to you
about his vision?
About what he wanted
from the club?
Jax is going through
some shit.
He asked me
if John wanted to
get into running guns.
Tonight he said that
maybe we shouldn’t rebuild
the factory.
I just want to make sure
that he’s following in
the right father’s footsteps.
Somebody help me!
Please!
I don’t know! I swear!
Somebody help me, please!
[ Man Shouting In Chinese ]
Please!
Lin will get him when
he gets out. Sam Crow
can’t protect his ass forever!
Stop! Stop!
[ Panting ]
You okay?
Yeah.
Thanks, Otto.
[ Alarm Buzzing ]
- Those guys don’t give up, huh?
- They never will, Chucky.
- I’m out of here tomorrow.
- Don’t worry.
I’m setting it up.
You’re a good friend, Otto.
Yeah.
Not that good a friend.
[ Exhales ]
How did you get
this thing in here?
By myself.
Sorry. Sorry.
[ Laughs ]
Whoa.
Looks great.
How much?
Aw, forget it.
It’s a gift.
No, Jax.
I don’t want it.
Hey.
I’m the one
getting the deal.
- All right, see you
at the fund-raiser.
- That Taste of Charming thing?
Yeah.
I’m doing the fireworks.
- Oh, really?
- It’s not a club thing, Donna.
Yeah.
My mom started it years ago.
It raises money
for the school district.
We’ll be there.
All right.
Come on. It’ll be fun.
Give me some time
to hang with the kids.
Okay. We’ll go
for a little while.
Thanks.
How much he give you?
None of your business.
[ Man Chattering ]
Tell everyone to leave room
for the buses.
Who are we bussing?
Oakdale Assisted Living.
Seniors are
all compulsive gamblers.
Triples our raffle dollars.
God bless Social Security.
Gemma.
Oh, hey, April.
Appreciate you coming to help.
No problem.
Can I ask you something?
What?
Charlie’s band’s playing during
the fireworks tomorrow night.
He really wants his dad to come.
Oh, shit, April.
I– I don’t think Clay
is gonna go for it.
Oh, I would never ask
anything like this.
Me and you,
we understand what went down.
But my kids–
Charlie doesn’t know. It breaks
his heart that his dad can’t
come to anything around here.
Not baseball games,
no school stuff.
All right,
all right, all right.
I’ll bring it up to Clay.
Thank you.
I can’t promise anything.
Thanks for bringing this
to the club.
The guys send their best.
- It’s all good, man.
- So who else is looking
to meet with your "friend"?
He’s got a couple buddies
in Chinatown.
They’d love to find him.
Show him a good time.
If we pick him up,
show him a good time first,
how grateful is Chuck?
Probably bake you
two honey cakes.
You trust him?
Been watching
his back for 18 months.
I know him pretty good.
I trust him.
All right.
We’ll show him around.
Good.
You make sure my gratitude
goes to Luann.
Absolutely.
Otto.
[ Pats Table ]
Oh, listen.
Chuck– he’s got
a couple of issues.
It’s a nervous tic
kind of a thing.
Tics we can deal with.
Yeah, no doubt.
[ Door Buzzing Open ]
Hey, baby.
All set for your picnic?
It’s a fund-raiser.
Who are we raising funds
for this year?
Music department,
middle school.
You are a saint.
Don’t be an asshole.
I’m serious.
Yeah, I can tell.
Hey, Lowell,
you replace this main shaft?
[ Lowell ]
Yep.
I was talking to April Hobart.
What do you think about
letting Kyle come tomorrow?
I don’t think about it.
Opie went to prison
’cause of that asshole.
- He’s excommunicated.
- It’s not for Kyle.
April stayed in Charming
when you stripped his patch,
divorced him.
She divorced him ’cause
he was nailing everything
with two sets of lips.
The answer is no.
His kid’s band is playing
tomorrow night. His father’s
never seen him play.
It’s for April’s kids.
Jesus.
Well, I guess I was
just feeling charitable.
Thought maybe
you’d like the opportunity
to do the same thing.
Hey.
I’m very charitable.
I know, darling.
You know what?
I’ll put it up for a vote.
- But it’s not gonna pass.
- I love you.
That love’s gonna kill me.
"As I ride along,
I hear a great sound.
"What could it be?
What could it be?
It’s a merry-go-round."
I’m sorry, little man.
I’m not as good
at this as Grandma.
[ Door Opens ]
Can I help you?
That’s a–
That’s a beautiful boy.
Thanks.
Chuck’s been cooking the books
for the Asian mob.
Skimmed 400 "K" off
of Henry Lin’s crew.
Otto was keeping him safe up
at Stockton, but he gets out
tomorrow morning.
So we protect him,
we pick up the cash,
we get him out of Cali.
We’re gonna split the cash
with Chucky boy. Twenty-five
percent goes to us.
Otto wants his 25
to go to Luann.
It ain’t gonna be a cakewalk.
Lin’s a dangerous cat.
Sneaky little bastard.
That’s why we’re gonna work
three-man shifts.
We’re gonna keep
this place locked down. Chuck
never leaves the clubhouse.
And the garage is open
for pickups only.
Skim’s hidden
in one of the restaurants
Lin uses as a front.
We’re gonna keep Chuck here
until Sunday.
Go pick up the money
when the place is closed.
Good, good.
Uh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
There’s, uh–
There’s one more thing.
April Hobart wants to know
if her old man...
can come to the fund-raiser,
see his kid’s band play.
- You gotta be kidding.
- That’s done, brother.
That’s done.
No, I know. But, you know,
she took a big hit
staying behind.
She supported the club.
It’s for her, not Kyle.
And I figured
I’d throw it up for a vote.
Let him come.
- Are you serious?
- This can’t be about getting
even. Not at the school.
It’s not about that.
The guy’s got nothing, right?
No club, no family.
Do me good to see that.
Appreciate what I got.
Anybody opposed?
Yeah, me.
- I don’t agree with it.
- Oh, this is wrong, man.
Majority rule.
Vote passes.
Let him come.
Hey, you all better be
at that fund-raiser tomorrow...
unless you want a size
nine high-heel boot
up your ass.
- You coming?
- I’d rather have
my balls cut off.
- [ Men Laughing ]
- What? What?
Too soon for that joke?
Hey, watch Kyle tomorrow.
I don’t want anything
going down at Gemma’s gig.
Keep him away from Ope.
All right.
[ Door Buzzing ]
You Chuck?
Yeah, yeah, thanks.
[ Sighs ]
Thank you, guys.
I’m really, really
in your debt.
You got no idea
how much I appreciate
you helping me out.
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
[ Chattering ]
Put on your sunblock, baby.
You know how you burn.
I did.
Hey!
What’s up, buttercup?
Whoa! Hey, Charlie boy.
Hey, Dad.
[ Kyle ]
How’s it goin’? Hey.
Hey. I can’t believe
you brought her here, Kyle.
This is about the kids.
Relax. She just wanted to hear
Charlie play, okay?
Yeah, that makes sense.
She’s just about the same age.
Funny.
Yeah.
This was a bad idea.
Check in with Gemma.
[ Clears Throat ]
There you go. Okay.
Hey.
Oh, shit.
You are late, Elvis.
Do you have any idea
how difficult it is
to get this into a helmet?
The kids are waiting.
I know, I know, I know.
Bless my soul.
Oh, look at all God’s children.
So tell me, who wants
to look like Elvis?
[ All ]
Me! Me! Me!
Isn’t that guy Sam Crow?
Not anymore.
He got out?
Sort of. Why don’t you take
the kids? I’ll catch up.
Okay. Okay.
Come on, babies.
Harry!
How you doing, Donna?
Hi.
Hey, bro.
Does she know about Kyle?
No.
Kyle looks like
he’s doing all right.
Go hang with your family.
Hey, give us a minute, baby.
All right?
Okay.
No need to say anything,
Jackson. I know my boundaries.
Well, I’m gonna tell you anyway.
You stay away from everyone.
Kid’s done playing,
you and your teenager...
climb in your pretty
little cage and drive away.
Jax, wait.
I have something...
for the club.
This thing fell
into my lap, man.
I’m making stupid money
funneling stolen parts through
my gig over at Sparks Brothers.
I want to hook you guys up–
That’s why you’re here?
Trying to buy us back?
Pull us into one
of your bullshit schemes?
It’s not bullshit.
Okay, I want to share this
with you guys.
Get out of my sight.
This is a really nice place.
Thank you for having me.
Thanks.
It’s on the house, man.
Oh, that’s very nice of you.
- Excellent draft.
- So, you really got 400 thou
stashed away, huh, Chucky?
416 thou.
Jesus.
Lin was real sloppy
with his money.
Arrogant, wasteful prick.
There’s so much of it too.
Counterfeiting, prostitution.
So I cooked his books
for about a year.
Skimmed a little,
hoping he’d fire me.
But nobody noticed.
So I kept on skimming.
What’d you get busted for?
Lin’s lawyer
finally caught on.
I got scared. So I blew
the whistle. I cut a deal.
Ah.
So you’re a thief and a rat.
I accept that.
The, uh–
The hand on the dick,
what’s the deal?
I’m sorry, man.
I’m sorry. Sorry.
I have this condition.
I’m not even aware of it.
- Condition?
- C.M.D.
Compulsive Masturbation
Disorder?
I couldn’t get the right meds
in Stockton.
So it’s a little out
of control right now.
You know, I used to have that.
And then, uh, hell, I turned 13.
[ Piney Laughing ]
Well, it’s a lot more common
than you think.
Shit.
It stems from childhood trauma.
I was sexually abused.
Hey, Chuck, I don’t give a shit
about your childhood trauma.
If I see your hand dance
in your pants one more time,
I’m gonna tie you up
and I’m gonna throw you
in the goddamn closet.
Are we clear?
I accept that.
[ Bell Dings ]
Can we talk?
I just wanted
to give you a heads-up.
Let you know I’m in town.
I’m here on A.T.F. business.
What business?
It’s an interstate
weapons case.
I, uh, shouldn’t be
telling you this.
Originated in South Chicago,
big arms deal.
Led back here.
Sons of Anarchy are involved.
The rose petals
and the sick photo,
they business too?
No. I just know
you really love pink roses.
And I don’t want to
see you get hurt, Tara,
not by that guy.
I’m not with him.
First love dies hard.
That restraining order
is still in effect.
You come near my house
or you come to my work again,
and I will file
a police report–
Okay. Okay.
Actually, my federal
jurisdiction takes precedence
over state-ordered mandates.
But I understand
how you feel.
And I promise,
no more contact.
It’s been good talking to you.
I miss that.
Uh-huh.
Yeah. We’re up.
- The King would be so proud.
- [ Camera Shutters Clicking ]
Here you go.
Who’s next?
Just lob it
nice and easy.
Want to try the egg toss?
I’m not so good at catching.
Well, me neither.
We can give it a shot.
See how it goes.
That’s okay, sweetie.
You can go play
with your friends.
Gotta get
the fireworks ready.
Hey.
So, uh, how are the guys
handling Kyle?
Nothing to handle.
Kyle’s dead.
No, he’s not dead
to Opie.
Mm-hmm.
Yo. You bow out
of the egg toss?
Yeah.
Yeah, I did.
I wanted the guy to be
a miserable, broken piece
of shit without Sam Crow.
I tell you,
I’m having a hard time, man.
Here.
Thanks.
You know, this club means
everything to me.
The only thing I ever
wanted from the time
I went here.
But everything else–
Donna, the kids, work–
are all heading
in the opposite direction.
I just can’t hook shit up.
I feel like I’m missing
on every front.
[ Scoffs ]
I got no answers.
My family plan is right out
of the Sid and Nancy handbook.
I’m so used to shit moving
in the other direction,
I don’t know what
I’d do if something
actually hooked up.
Oh! Ooh!
You think he’s happy?
I don’t know.
Hold on. I don’t want
to get egg on you,
sweetheart.
Help me out.
Okay.
- Still has that tat.
- Yeah.
This is me.
Thanks.
So how’s that new hi-hat
I bought you?
It’s great, Dad.
Thanks.
Um, just grab the box.
[ Kyle ]
I’ll grab the heavy one.
Hey, uh, I’ll meet you outside,
all right? I’ll get the rest
of your stuff later.
Okay, Dad.
Yeah.
Hey, I’ve been doing
what Jax asked.
I’m staying clear of everyone.
I think you and I need
to settle a few things.
Yeah, I guess we do.
I wanted to come up
to Chino to try to
explain what happened.
- But you didn’t.
- Coming up on family day
didn’t feel right.
You know, taking time away
from Donna and the kids and–
[ Jax ]
Hey, stop.
Hey.
Little Harry looks like
he knows his way around a gun.
I’m kidding.
Thanks for the crib money.
Any little bit helps right now.
Yeah. I get how rough
it is for you guys.
I know you always had
trouble wrapping your head
around the M.C. life,
but Sam Crow is the only–
Your mom’s already given me
"the Sam Crow is the glue"
speech.
I’m not talking
about you and Sam Crow.
I’m talking about you and Ope.
What happens with me and Opie
is no one’s business.
You’re wrong.
He’s my best pal.
I love that guy
more than anyone.
But I also see
what’s happening to him.
And it scares
the shit out of me.
Opie can’t be half in/half out.
It’ll get him killed, Donna.
Then I want him out.
That other guy got out.
Kyle.
Kyle was kicked out.
You know why? ’Cause
the night Opie got arrested
for blowing up that truck yard,
Kyle was supposed
to be his getaway ride.
Only the asshole panicked
when he heard sirens.
Left Opie behind.
Opie never said anything.
’Cause Opie’s not a rat.
Brothers don’t turn
on each other.
He did the time.
It’s what we do.
Opie will never walk away
from the club.
We both know that.
He’s like me.
It’s all we know.
It’s in our D.N.A.
And if you keep pulling him
in the other direction–
We’re not the glue, Donna.
You are.
[ Children Chattering,
Laughing ]
See you two have been talking.
Yep.
You seem to be doing
all right. New truck.
Nice piece of ass.
Yeah, I guess.
[ Sighs ]
I miss it, man.
I miss it all.
I mean, when I had that cut on,
everybody knew who I was.
Even if I never met ’em, man,
I got instant respect.
Now I’m just like
every other shithead.
You started telling me
something earlier.
Stolen parts thing.
Yeah. I’d love to
bring it to the club.
Let you guys share in the pie.
It’s my way of saying sorry.
We could run it by Clay.
Yeah?
Yeah.
It’s kind of a complicated time
for us right now.
So we should probably do it
tonight while you’re still
in town.
Yeah, absolutely.
What about your kid’s band?
Oh, hey, it’s cool.
I can hear him some other time.
All right.
It’s the plum-colored
Volvo.
The paperwork
must be in the garage.
[ Groans ]
Excuse me.
Have you seen Clay?
Yeah, he’s looking
for some paperwork.
Okay.
Hello.
Jesus Christ!
I’m sorry!
Get the hell
away from me!
- It’s not sexual.
No, I’m not sick that way.
- Get away!
Please. Please!
Chuck! Jesus Christ.
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
I step outside
for five goddamn minutes,
you can’t watch him?
I was just in the can.
I was getting him
the soft toilet paper.
He hates the scratchy kind.
Well, I’m glad your ass
is feeling loved.
Let’s go, Chucky.
We’re picking up
the chink money now.
- We can’t go now. Restaurant’s
open. Everybody’s there.
- Yeah, everybody but us.
I’m not sticking around
for two more days and watching
your hand puppet show.
Get your stuff now.
Is that wise?
Now!
Blue Beemer camped out front.
It’s the same one
I saw at the prison.
Chinese?
No, it’s the hand-job
police.
Call the guys.
We gotta do this thing now.
And it could get messy.
[ Motorcycle Revving ]
Seen Jax?
He’s with Ope. Why?
Boss wants us.
You got two more hours
in that booth.
Sorry, Mother.
Come on.
Sorry.
Jesus Christ, Clay.
It sucks being boss,
don’t it?
You know that fried shit’s
gonna kill you.
Yeah. ’Cause the cancer’s
keeping me fit and spunky.
Hey, who’s that guy
behind the grill?
That’s our new best friend.
Agent Kohn. A.T.F.
The fed looking into the club
is grilling sausages?
Must be part of his
special federal training.
Good chili.
Uh-huh.
Are we okay here?
Yeah.
What’s up?
We gotta go.
Chow mein’s ready.
Now?
- Yep.
- All right.
I’ll catch you guys
back at the clubhouse.
You gonna leave them alone?
I’ll tell you on the way.
Oh, that’s a good one
there, pal.
We got a winner.
[ Tig ]
Jax, who is that guy?
Is he looking at him?
You tell Clay I’m pissed off.
Bad enough his sorry ass
isn’t here.
Now he’s taking
all my manpower.
Who’s that guy
with the cops?
That’s your A.T.F. guy.
That guy was
at the hospital last night
watching me with Abel.
- [ Tig ]
That’s dangerous, brother.
- [ Gemma ] Shit.
Well, you keep an eye on him.
He follows us out of here
or leaves at any point,
you give me a call.
Prepay?
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
What’s to stop them
from calling the cops?
Trespassing, vandalism.
I’m more worried
they’ll call Lin.
None of them have
direct contact with him.
Is this really necessary?
Yeah.
You sure this is the place?
Yeah. I did the books
out of the back office.
Restaurants are how
they wash the money.
Ow!
Our friends in the Beemer
shouldn’t be far behind.
We’ll be ready.
Masturbator!
I accept that.
Get out of my restaurant!
You no work here! No eat!
Go right now!
Where?
Kitchen.
Hey, jerky-jerky man!
[ Laughs ]
Ceiling above the stove.
That square of new plaster.
Move it.
[ Woman ]
You get out of the kitchen.
You go now.
Used to be an exhaust fan.
I stuffed it in there
before they plastered it.
Gonna need something heavy.
[ Woman ]
I call cops. You ruin
my kitchen, crazy knife man!
Down the side vent.
To the left.
- [ Jax ]
Holy shit.
- I told you.
I accept that.
You pay for damage.
You go to jail.
- All you crazy men.
- Shut up.
I love jerky jerk off!
You come back, okay?
Our friends in the Beemer
are here.
[ Half-Sack ] And another
interested party’s been
taking laps in a silver Caddy.
The shit is on.
All right, let’s move.
Jax drives.
[ Tig ]
Crap. Get in.
[ Engine Starts ]
♪♪ [ Punk Rock ]
Shit! Hold on.
Sunday would have been
so much better.
[ Tires Squealing ]
Well, that didn’t work.
- Shit.
- [ Man Shouting In Chinese ]
[ Engine Stops ]
- [ Shouts In Chinese ]
- [ Jax ] Shit. What’s
the plan here, Clay?
[ Man ]
All we want is the bag!
Plates.
- Give us the bag, you can go!
- These are plates for a 20.
- The shit’s counterfeit?
- It’s not shit.
It’s really good.
These bills will pass anywhere.
Goddamn it!
[ Man ]
This is your last chance!
[ Clay ] Hold up!
[ Door Opens ]
Easy!
I think we can make a deal.
I want to talk to Lin.
[ Man Chattering
In Chinese ]
Here’s your money.
But I’m guessing that’s
not what you’re looking for.
- Where’s the other plate?
- It’s in the van.
Look, we both
got jerked around here.
Now I need real cash.
You need the cash maker.
Hey, cops will be here
in a heartbeat.
I got the cops under control.
Ten grand.
- Hundred.
- Thirty.
Sixty, and I’ll throw in
the door prize.
[ Clay ] Hey, Chucky!
Was there ever
any real skim money?
No. I’m sorry!
Let’s go!
I needed protection. And
I figured you guys could still
spend the money. You know?
This was not our deal!
I want to talk to Otto!
Shut up!
Pay Elvis and his friends.
Get the other plate.
[ Chuck ]
Guys, guys, really,
this is a big mistake.
You don’t want to do this.
Come on, really.
I don’t want to do this.
Look, I had a deal
with Big Otto. I kept
my end of the bargain.
Pleasure.
See you, Chucky.
Clay! Please! Clay!
Please, Clay!
They’re gonna cut me up
into little pieces!
I do not accept this!
Put him in.
[ Chuck ]
This is a very
big mistake! Clay!
[ Groans ]
It smells in here.
What would that be?
- How’d it go with the Chinese?
- Not too good.
- Well, where’s Chucky?
- That’s the upside.
Clay, it’s good
to see you, man.
- So I hear you got an offer
I can’t refuse.
- Something like that.
[ Opie ]
Well, I’d better get back
to the fireworks.
Or your mom’s gonna be
stuffing gunpowder up my ass.
Yeah, I’m sure
we’re all on the Gemma
shit list by now.
[ Clay ]
I live on that shit list.
Ope?
[ Kyle ]
You look good.
You okay with this?
Yeah.
You?
I’m good.
Look. About what I was
saying earlier, it doesn’t
mean I don’t want this.
I know.
I’d rather be dead
than be that guy.
[ Jax ]
Yeah. Me too.
You should get going.
I can hear my mom
swearing from here.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Guitars Tuning ]
Do you know where Kyle is?
No, I don’t.
Bimbo’s here.
Truck’s here.
Can’t find him.
He was with Jax and Opie.
[ Gemma ]
Well, it’s about time.
There’s Ope. I’ll ask him.
[ Men Laughing ]
So, Bobby.
You tell Kyle
about the Knucklehead?
Who got a Knucklehead?
’48, mint.
Bullshit.
It is so beautiful
it’ll blind you.
Where?
- Come on.
Let’s go take a look at it.
- You want to see it?
Uh-huh.
All right.
Let’s go.
[ Bobby ]
Right this way, mister.
What you riding?
I’m not riding anything.
Okay, everybody.
Listen up here.
Let’s dig into those pockets
and purses, okay?
And get those tickets out.
See if we can give away
a few prizes here.
Here we go.
Now when I call your number,
take it over to the booth
over there and get your prize.
First one, 7-9-3-6.
[ Crowd Groans ]
3-9-9-5.
1-7–
[ Laughing ]
Where’s the Knuckle?
[ Door Closes ]
- What is this?
- Take your shirt off.
[ Laughs ]
Come on, Jax.
Take it off!
You son of a bitch!
You see that?
[ Panting ]
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry, Clay.
I know I was supposed
to black it out.
And I tried, man.
I went a bunch of times.
And I couldn’t–
I couldn’t do it.
This is the only thing
I have left, Jax.
Please, I’m sorry.
Fire or knife?
Answer him.
Jax.
[ Panting Continues ]
[ Exhales Sharply ]
Fire.
All right.
[ Kyle Breathing Rapidly ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Drumsticks Clicking ]
♪♪ [ Rock ]
What?
Where is he?
You should head over
to St. Thomas.
I’ll bring your kids home.
Jesus, what did they do?
I don’t know anything else.
I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
[ Boy ]
♪ I’m in the middle
without any plans ♪
♪ I’m a boy
and I’m a man ♪
♪ I’m 18 and I don’t
know what I want ♪
♪ I’m 18
I just don’t
know what I want ♪
♪ Eighteen
I gotta get away ♪
[ Screaming ]
[ Screaming Continues ]
♪ Eighteen
I get confused every day ♪
Daddy!
♪ Eighteen ♪
♪ I just don’t know
what to say ♪
♪ Eighteen ♪
We missed you.
♪ I gotta get away ♪
I love you, baby.
♪ Line’s form on my face
and my hands ♪
♪ Line’s form
on the left and right ♪
♪ I’m in the middle
The middle of life ♪
♪ I’m a boy
and I’m a man ♪
♪ I’m 18 and I like it ♪
♪ Yes, I like it ♪
♪ I gotta get out
of this place ♪
♪ I’ll go running
in outer space ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Lines form
on my face and my hands ♪
on the left and right ♪
♪ I’m in the middle
The middle of life ♪
♪ I’m a boy
and I’m a man ♪
♪ I’m 18 and I like it ♪
♪ Yes, I like it ♪
♪ Like it, love it
Like it, love it ♪
♪ Eighteen, eighteen
eighteen ♪
♪ I’m 18 and I like it ♪♪